Update 03-monitor-the-model.md (#112)
carpentries-incubator/deep-learning-intro: _episodes/03-monitor-the-model.md

~~~
{:.output}

> ## Exercise: Explore the dataset
>
> Let's get a quick idea of the dataset.
>
> * How many data points do we have?
> * How many features does the data have (don't count month and date as a feature)?
> * What are the different measured variabel types in the data and how many are there (humidity etc.) ? 
>
> > ## Solution
> > ~~~
> > data.shape
> > ~~~
> > {:.language-python}
> > This will give both the number of datapoints (3654) and the number of features (163 + month + date).
> > 
> > To see what type of features the data contains we could run something like:
> > ~~~
> > print({x.split("_")[-1] for x in data.columns if x not in ["MONTH", "DATE"]})
> > ~~~
> > {:.language-python}
> > ~~~
> > {'humidity', 'radiation', 'sunshine', 'gust', 'mean', 'max', 'precipitation', 'pressure', 'cover', 'min', 'speed'}
> > ~~~
> > {:.output}
> > An alternative way which is slightly more complicated but gives better results is using regex.
> > ~~~
> > import re
> > feature_names = set()
> > for col in data.columns:
> >     feature_names.update(re.findall('[^A-Z]{2,}', col))
> >     
> > feature_names
> > ~~~

> > > In total there are 11 different measured variable.

Author: ```suggestion
> > In total there are 11 different measured variables.
```

### Split data and labels into training, validation, and test set
As with classical machine learning techniques, it is common in deep learning to split off a *test set* which remains untouched during model training and tuning. It is then later be used to evaluate the model performance. Here, we will also split off an additional *validation set*, the reason of which will hopefully become clearer later in this lesson.

> ## Exercise: Split data into training, validation, and test set
>

> > Split the data into 3 completely separate set to be used for training, validation, and testing. This can be done in two steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Split the data into 3 completely separate set to be used for training, validation, and testing using the `train_test_split` function from `sklearn.model_selection`. This can be done in two steps.
```

Small hint on the function they can use for splitting.

> > First, split the data into training (70%) and validation+test (30%). Then split the second one again into two to get a validation setand a test set (both roughly equal in size).

Author: ```suggestion
> First, split the data into training set (70% of all datapoints) and validation+test set (30%). Then split the second one again into two sets (both roughly equal in size).
```
